dark side of the force is a pathway to
many abilities some consider to be
unnatural is it possible to learn this
power not from a jedi council wants you
to report on all the Chancellor's
dealings that's treason we are at war
Anakin very dangerous putting them
together I don't think the boy can
handle I don't just I need your help son
I'm appointing you to be my personal
representative on the Jedi Council
you're all this council but we do not
grant you the rank of Master what
obi-wan and the council don't trust me
learn to know the dark side force and
you will achieve a Power greater than
any Jedi
you're under arrest gentlemen are you
threatening me master Jedi
you
every single Jedi is now an enemy of the
Republic to what must be done
do not hesitate show no mercy is who
could have done this straight twisted by
the dark side young Skywalker has become
is I feel safe hopeless
you were the chosen one
Oh